John Mills
Software Engineer (Front-End)
jpm23456@gmail.com
github.com/iamjohnmills
linkedin.com/in/iamjohnmills

Pragmatic and detail-oriented front-end engineer with extensive hands-on experience developing large-scale front-end applications. I have a keen interest in crafting intuitive UIs within modern tech stacks and distributed systems.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Javascript: ES5/6/7, Vue, React, Typescript, Components, Async/Await/Promises, Event listeners, DOM manipulation, Map/Filter/Reduce/Etc, REST API integrations
UI/X: Deep CSS knowledge, Flexbox, Bootstrap, Animations, User-centered principles, Responsive design, Browser compatibility
Full-stack: Microservices with Node/Express/WebSockets, Database structures, API testing tools, Debugging tools, Git branching/merging, CI/CD using Gitlab, NPM, CLI tools, Build processes, Agile

WORK HISTORY
Allbridge, Software Engineer (Front End)
March 2018-Present
Currently developing next-generation, user-facing experiences in the IT/Networking space using Vue.js
* Responsible for the front-end experience of thousands of nation-wide, high-profile customers to manage their hotel wi-fi networks.
* Built and shipped MVPs for a variety of new-business generating features including a conference network scheduling tool, customizable client connect pages, a personal area network management tool, visual dashboards, a network device management tool, and administrative support tools.
* Leverage deep integrations with Rest APIs to create intuitive dashboards, charts, forms, tables, and more.
* Utilize modern JS with Vue including lifecycle model, router, store, refs, event listeners, and more to build custom components and utility functions.
* Craft modern UIs using CSS3, Flexbox, Bootstrap, SVG, Web Fonts, Chart.js, and custom modular classes.
* Professional experience in modern front-end software development using GIT in a collaborative, agile team environment

2015-2018: After a major lifestyle change, I fully invested in myself and retooled my skill-set towards Javascript engineering, and am now loving every bit of modern software development.

UW-Milwaukee, Web Developer
2005-2015
Developed leading-edge web projects, sites, redesigns, landing pages, promo content and more.

FEATURED PROJECT
Wordle Clone: Built with React-Typescript-Vite with a simple dictionary of common, friendly words. After learning the basics of React and Typescript, I set out to demonstrate my knowledge and create a clone that uses the bare minimum dependencies, is near-original, with clean and readable code.
I like developing light-weight, performant native JS apps and games, learning new technologies, and staying current with modern trends. Check out my Github for more up-to-date demos and examples of my interests.

EDUCATION
UW-Milwaukee
BS in Information Systems
2005
